How can you not pretend to be pitiful if you are rejected?
Want to kill me
Come on, smash it here
If you don't hit you, you are my fucking grandson.
I'm going
Husband, ignore this dog
I don't care
See what he can do
No, we're not.
If you have the ability, you will kill us all
Really don't go, do you?
Li Feng, don't give me a fierce look here
Who in the whole family doesn't know you're a loser
They want us to move
Unless it blows up here
Ok, just wait.
Hey, what do you think this kid can do?
Still as difficult as ever
As long as we stay here
Lin Fang has nothing to do with us
It doesn't matter if you call the police.
Who made us his relatives?
Mom is right
No matter what method Lin Feng uses, this house can't let us live in forever
Hurry up master
I need a handle here, please
As long as I can lock the door
Ok, no problem.
What's that sound?
It must be Lin Feng who wants us to move out
deliberately take away
I don't believe he will keep knocking
Means of going to the countryside
I moved away
You think beautifully
Don't go out
Tired that dog belly
Get real.
Smash it, why don't you smash it?
If you can, you can continue. Don't you like to live?
You can live for the rest of your life
That's all he can do
There we go.
This house is ours
Hahahaha
Okay.
Didn't eat at night
I'm going out to buy some good ones, but I can't get in hahaha.
Gangzi brought me back a plate of pork head meat
Got it?
Good son-in-law
Lin Feng's son of a bitch locked the door with an iron chain. Lin Feng
Lin Feng